Update the README.md (#3)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi: README.md

 OpenAPI tooling will make it easy for users to start the development of a service documented in the OpenAPI contract 
  by generating the Ballerina service and client skeletons. The OpenAPI tools provide the following capabilities.
 
 1. Generate the Ballerina service or client code for a given OpenAPI definition. 
 2. Export the OpenAPI definition of a Ballerina service.
 3. Validate the service implementation of a given OpenAPI contract.
    
The `openapi` command in Ballerina is used for OpenAPI to Ballerina and Ballerina to OpenAPI code generations. 
The OpenAPI compiler plugin will allow you to validate a service implementation against an OpenAPI contract during
 compile time. 
This plugin ensures that the implementation of a service does not deviate from its OpenAPI contract.
For more information on the supported operations,go to [Using the OpenAPI Tools](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/using
-the-openapi-tools/)
## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. OpenJDK 11 ([Adopt OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/) or any other OpenJDK distribution) 

> >**Info:** You can also use [Oracle JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html).

Reviewer: This sould be indented.

>     >**Info:** You can also use [Oracle JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html).

Reviewer: The note needs to be updated as per the latest content in

# Ballerina-OpenAPI
 [![Build master](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/workflows/Build%20master/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
 [![Daily build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/workflows/Daily%20build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Daily+build%22)
 [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/commits/master)
 
The OpenAPI Specification is a specification, which creates a RESTFUL contract for APIs detailing all of its resources 

> and operations in a human and machine readable format for easy development, discovery, and integration. Ballerina

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and operations in a human and machine-readable format for easy development, discovery, and integration. Ballerina
```

>  OpenAPI tooling will make it easy for users to start development of a service documented in the OpenAPI contract 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 OpenAPI tooling will make it easy for users to start the development of a service documented in the OpenAPI contract 
```

 
 1. Generate the Ballerina service or client code for a given OpenAPI definition. 
 2. Export the OpenAPI definition of a Ballerina service.
 3. Validate service implementation of a given OpenAPI Contract.
    
The `openapi` command in Ballerina is used for OpenAPI to Ballerina and Ballerina to OpenAPI code generations. 
The OpenAPI compiler plugin will allow you to validate a service implementation against an OpenAPI contract during
 compile time. 
This plugin ensures that the implementation of a service does not deviate from its OpenAPI contract.
For more information on the operations supported, you can refer [OpenAPI Learn Page](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/using-the-openapi-tools/)
## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).

   * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)
   
   * [OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/)
   
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
     
### Building the Source

> Execute the commands below to build from source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Execute the commands below to build from the source.
```

1. To build the library:
        
        ./gradlew clean build

2. To run the integration tests:

        ./gradlew clean test

3. To build the module without the tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -x test

4. To publish to maven local:

        ./gradlew clean build publishToMavenLocal

## Contributing to Ballerina

> As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an open-source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community. 
```

> You can also check for [open issues](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/issues) that interest you. We look forward to receiving your contributions.

Reviewer 2: Why this is poiniting to http module issues?

Author: It was a mistake, it shoud be `ballerina-openapi` as repo name. I will fix it

# Ballerina-OpenAPI
 [![Build master](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/workflows/Build%20master/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
 [![Daily build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/workflows/Daily%20build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Daily+build%22)
 [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/commits/master)
 
The OpenAPI Specification is a specification, which creates a RESTFUL contract for APIs detailing all of its resources 

> and operations in a human and machine-readable format for easy development, discovery, and integration. Ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and operations in a both human and machine readable format for easy development, discovery, and integration. Ballerina
```

 OpenAPI tooling will make it easy for users to start the development of a service documented in the OpenAPI contract 
  by generating the Ballerina service and client skeletons. The OpenAPI tools provide the following capabilities.
 
 1. Generate the Ballerina service or client code for a given OpenAPI definition. 
 2. Export the OpenAPI definition of a Ballerina service.

>  3. Validate service implementation of a given OpenAPI Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Validate the service implementation of a given OpenAPI contract.
```

    
The `openapi` command in Ballerina is used for OpenAPI to Ballerina and Ballerina to OpenAPI code generations. 
The OpenAPI compiler plugin will allow you to validate a service implementation against an OpenAPI contract during
 compile time. 
This plugin ensures that the implementation of a service does not deviate from its OpenAPI contract.

> For more information on the operations supported, you can refer [OpenAPI Learn Page](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/using-the-openapi-tools/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the supported operations, go to [Using the OpenAPI Tools](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/using-the-openapi-tools/).
```

## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

> 1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).
```

This section has updates of the JDL 11 migration done via https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/1381. Please change accordingly.
